1) include() will not stop PHP's execution if there is an error, it will only generate a warning. 
   Require() will stop the execution of PHP and display a fatal error if there is a problem.
2) The extension of the including file is the only one that matters, thus you can place php code into an included .html file and
   it will execute as if it were actually a .php file.
3) An absolute file path is a complete and specific address, often beginning with the root/base level of computer storage.
   A relative file path indicates where the desired file exists in relation to the current file.
4) To define a constant, you use the define() function. Constant names are case-sensitive. You can check if a constant has
   been defined using the defined() function which returns true if the constant you name has already been defined.
5) An epoch is defined as midnight on January 1st, 1970. A timestamp is the amount of seconds that have passed since the epoch.
6) $_SERVER['REQUEST_METHOD'] will contain the type of request, POST or GET, used to access the current page. This can be used
   to indicate whether or not a form has been submitted to a page (via POST) or loading the page as usual (normally via GET).
7) To have a form element 'remember' previous values, you need to use PHP to insert the values the user has already entered
   into the markup code of the elements themselves. You would usually check the existence of the form variable and then
   escape it to prevent warnings and malicious markup appearing in your code.
8) To see an error that occurs within a form element, you have to check the html source code of the page, as it won't appear in user visible markup.
9) The error about 'headers already sent' means that PHP has already sent data, a blank space, or some kind of output and you the programmer
   are attempting to use functions that manipulate or change the headers, which is not possible once the client has received data already. This
   can be prevented by using output buffering to buffer all data that would be sent to the user until you programmatically make a call to send it. 